Home
About
Menu
Contact
Our Menu
FLAVOURS
SIZES & PRICING
OTHER EATS
DRINKS
Flavours
Filters:
No Nuts
No Gluten
No Eggs
No Lactose
No Dairy
All Canadian Moose		A majestic combination of vanilla ice cream, chocolate marble and peanut butter cups. Moose-alicious.
Banana Chocolate Fudge		Our answer to the banana split. Combining banana ice cream and chocolate fudge marble
Banana Split		A trio of vanilla, banana, and strawberry ice cream with a ribbon of chocolate fudge. A classic trio of flavours.
Belgian Hazelnut		A sophisticated blend of creamy chocolate and hazelnut ice creams, chocolate ripple and praline pecans.
Birthday Cake		Worth celebrating! Cake and icing flavoured ice cream with a ribbon of blue marshmallow and rainbow sprinkles.
Black Licorice		We’re painting the town black with this licorice flavoured ice cream swirled with black ribbon.
Blast off		Prepare countdown! 3... Purple vanilla ice cream. 2... Cotton candy ice cream. 1… Marshmallow and “Rockets” candies.
Blueberry Cheesecake		The rich, decadent joy of cheese cake ice cream marbled with blueberry ribbon.
Bubble Gum		Blue bubble gum ice cream with real pieces of coloured bubble gum means every scoop lasts longer.
Burgundy Cherry		Ooh la la! Bordeaux cherry flavoured ice cream blended with real slices of Bordeaux cherries.
Butter Pecan		Real pecans embedded within our pecan ice cream for a delightfully nutty crunch.
Campfire Smores		Toasted marshmallow base with a chocolate ribbon and graham cracker bits.
Caramel Candy Apple		A crisp green apple ice cream, accentuated with sweet swirls of caramel ribbon.
Caramel Coffee Macchiato - NSA		NSA coffee and vanilla frozen dessert with NSA caramel ribbon.
Caramel Crunch - NSA		Caramel frozen desert with pecans and an NSA caramel ribbon.
Cherry Custard		Chewy chunks of maraschino cherries add a burst of flavour to our creamy French vanilla ice cream.
Chocolate		Foothills Creamery brings unexpected richness to this all-time favourite.
Chocolate Covered Strawberry		Strawberry flavoured chocolate ice cream with strawberry fruit.
Chocolate Lactose-free		Our lactose-free chocolate ice cream brings unexpected richness to this all-time favourite.
Chocolate Peanut Butter		Exquisite chocolate ice cream and thick peanut butter marble that’ll stick to the roof of your mouth.
Cinnamon Bun		Cinnamon ice cream with delectable cinnamon cake pieces for a cozy, spiced delight.
Coconut		A desert island dessert. Real toasted coconut shavings adds crunch to our refreshing coconut ice cream
Coffee Bean		Smooth, creamy coffee ice cream made extra rich with concentrated milk protein, swirled with an extra crunch of chocolatey goodness.
Cookie Beast		A monster mash of blue vanilla ice cream with chunks of chocolate chip cookie dough and crushed cream-filled chocolate cookies.
Cookie Dough		Who wants to lick the spoon? Cookie dough flavoured ice cream with thick chunks of chocolate chip cookie dough.
Cookies & Cream		Crushed cream-filled chocolate cookies swimming in a sea of French vanilla ice cream.
Cotton Candy		Fluffy pink cotton candy ice cream swirled with blue marshmallow ribbon. Like a day at the carnival!
Cream Soda Float		We bring together our classic vanilla and cream soda ice creams for a bright “pop” of flavour!
Creme Brulee		Velvety custard ice cream swirled with a caramelized crème brulee ribbon. Classic, rich, and utterly indulgent.
Dunkamoo		Birthday Cake Ice Cream with sprinkles and cinnamon dough pieces.
Funky Monkey		Creamy banana-flavoured ice cream with a rich ribbon of velvety peanut butter and crunchy dark chocolate bites!
Grape Float		This purple grape and vanilla ice cream is purposeful in its desire to tempt taste buds.
Haskap Prairie Berry		Vanilla ice cream blended with locally grown Haskap berries. Think of a raspberry crossed with a tart blueberry.
Ice Cream of Champions		This ice cream has orange and blue raspberry flavour
Kulfi		Indian flavours with cardamom and pistachio
Lemon - Sorbet		When life gives you lemons, make lemon sorbet.
Mango		Escape to the tropics with our unique and exotic blast of mango ice cream.
Maple Nut		Stand on guard for this maple ice cream with walnut chunks.
Mint Chocolate Chip		Bright green mint ice cream loaded with chocolate chips. Taste-a-licious.
Mocha Mountain		An eye opener, infusing coffee ice cream with espresso flakes, cookie crumbs and chocolate marble.
Moon Mist		Why the cow jumped over the moon. Bubble gum, yellow banana and grape ice creams with a cherry ribbon.
Mud Pie		Our coffee ice cream, splattered with chocolate crumble and chocolate ripple throughout.
Nanaimo Brownie		Nanaimo bar ice cream with bittersweet chocolate marble, shaved coconut and brownie bits.
New York Cherry Cheesecake		This takes the cake! Our cheesecake ice cream swirled with cherry marble and cinnamon graham chunks.
Oh Canada		Vanilla base with cherry ribbon and maple leaf sprinkles
Orange Float		Pop goes the flavour, in this sweet, fluffy swirl of orange and vanilla ice creams.
Passion fruit - Sorbet		A sorbet whose name reflects our love for what we do.
Peanut Butter Crunch		Fill your mouth with this crispety, crunchety, peanut buttery masterpiece. Vanilla ice cream with peanut butter ribbon and real pieces of Butterfingers.
Pineapple Sherbert		A scoop of sweet summer sunshine you won't forget.
Pistachio with Almonds		Fly away with our pistachio ice cream with freshly roasted almonds.
Rainbow - Sherbert		Mix of raspberry, lime and orange sherbert
Raspberry Cheesecake		Treat yourself to our decadent cheesecake ice cream rippled with a rich raspberry ribbon.
Red Velvet		Refined red velvet cake ice cream, sumptuous marshmallow and chocolate cake pieces.
Rocket Pop Sorbet		Rocket Sorbet brings back summer fun with tangy cherry, blue raspberry, and sunny citrus.
Rocky Road		A road well-travelled. Chocolate ice cream marbled with marshmallow ribbon and fresh pecans.
Rootbeer Float		A vintage combination of root beer and vanilla ice cream.
Rum Raisin		Our rum ice cream with raisins will give you a whole new raison d’etre.
Salted Chocolate caramel		Premium chocolate ice cream with sea salt caramel. Resistance is futile.
Salted Cookies & Cream		French Vanilla, cookie piece and salted caramel ribbon
Sangria Sorbet		Passion fruit and white wine sangria sorbet. Cool, fruity, refreshing.
Saskatoon Pie		Our old-fashioned Saskatoon berry ice cream, filled with real berries and a virtual crust of graham crunch.
Sea Salt Caramel Fudge		Sweet. Salty. Scrumptious. Vanilla ice cream with fudge chunks and caramel swirl.
Shaft		Cold Brew with a kick of alcohol flavour
Shark Attack		Sink your teeth into blue-raspberry and shark-grey vanilla ice creams, with a swirl of raspberry ribbon.
Spiced Hot Chocolate Churro		Best of both worlds. Spiced hot chocolate base with churro pieces and hints of cinnamon and habanero.
Spumoni Twist		Pistachio, cherry, and coffee flavoured delight.
Strawberry		Nobody does the classics better. Foothill’s premium strawberry ice cream with real strawberry pieces throughout.
Strawberry Sensation		A lactose-free treat every bit as delicious as our traditional ice cream, with real chunks of strawberry. Available in 11.4 L pails.
Tiger		That sound? Roars of approval for our tasty orange ice cream striped with black licorice.
Toasted Coconut		Our lactose-free coconut ice cream with toasted coconut shavings lets you indulge in comfort.
Triple Fudge Brownie		Dutch chocolate ice cream, a luscious fudge ribbon, and decadent brownie pieces. A chocolate lover's dream.
Turtle Mountain		Slow and steady wins the taste. Caramel ice cream adorned with rich chocolate and fresh pecans.
Vanilla		Simple, pure and sophisticated, our vanilla showcases the richness that sets Foothills Creamery apart.
Wet paint		You won’t be able to keep your hands off this vanilla and blue bubble gum ice creams with bright cherry red ribbon.
Whisky Caramel		Ice cream is flavoured with Whisky. Sprinkled with chocolate espresso pieces and a caramel fudge swirl to bring together the perfect mix for the western sweet tooth.
LEGEND
NO ALLERGENS
LACTOSE FREE
DAIRY FREE
CONTAINS NUTS
CONTAINS GLUTEN
CONTAINS EGGS
CONTAINS NUTS AND GLUTEN
CONTAINS GLUTEN AND EGGS
FIND US
9911 100 Street, Morinville, AB T8R 1R4
(780) 819-9726
SCOOPING HOURS
MAY – JUNE

Monday – Friday 
3:00pm – 9:30pm
Saturday  & Sunday
12:00pm – 9:30pm

JULY – AUGUST

Monday – Sunday
12:00pm – 9:30pm

SEPTEMBER

Monday – Friday 
3:00pm – 9:00pm
Saturday  & Sunday
12:00pm – 9:00pm

FOLLOW US:

Created with  by ShiftUP Consulting